dblog.md, before:

Date | Log Entry
:--- | --- 
Mon Jan 23 15:53:55 EST 2023 | `reinstalled rsync on INBOX`
Mon Jan 23 15:26:56 EST 2023 | `Added bids user and updated ssh keys for login from discovery and reinstalled git in inbox`
Mon Jan 23 14:18:20 EST 2023 | `Emailed Kodi about setting up sys admin training meeting`
Mon Jan 23 13:44:47 EST 2023 | `Updated dblog and closed issue`
Mon Jan 23 13:42:09 EST 2023 | `Testing dblog`
Mon Jan 23 11:44:56 EST 2023 | `Finished meeting with Courtney where we revisited goals and set up reviewing progress on github`
Mon Jan 23 10:58:09 EST 2023 | `Added to dos to github`
Sun Jan 22 20:55:20 EST 2023 | `chmod-ed ownershi on inbox/PHILIPS and updated etc/group`
Sun Jan 22 20:47:27 EST 2023 | `fixed ssh keys on dbic-mrinbox and added zfs-inbox-backup to cron`
Sun Jan 22 20:34:02 EST 2023 | `Reinstated auto snapshots of DICOM and BIDS on INBOX`
Sun Jan 22 20:20:26 EST 2023 | `Fixed Jedcap Upload data script`
Sun Jan 22 19:04:12 EST 2023 | `New INBOX has 32.5T free space and is healthy`
Sun Jan 22 19:01:03 EST 2023 | `Adjusted mounts on rolando. Needed to reboot because of BIDS user using BIDS mount.`
Sun Jan 22 18:59:59 EST 2023 | `Adjusted exports on dbic-mrinbox to export new INBOX`
Sun Jan 22 18:40:28 EST 2023 | `Restarted DICOM server to send new data to expanded INBOX`
Sun Jan 22 18:34:08 EST 2023 | `Made snapshots of dbic-inbox BIDS and DICOM and sync with inbox`
Sun Jan 22 18:08:18 EST 2023 | `why oh why`
Sun Jan 22 18:07:59 EST 2023 | `why oh why`
Sun Jan 22 18:05:49 EST 2023 | THis should make message pretty
Sun Jan 22 18:04:40 EST 2023 | THis should make message pretty
Sun Jan 22 18:02:24 EST 2023 | THis should make message pretty
Sun Jan 22 18:01:19 EST 2023 | here is a new test again
Sun Jan 22 18:00:25 EST 2023 | here is a new test

Commit message:

created script for rsync of dicom archive data tranfer to discovery by year and month

dblog.md, after:

Date | Log Entry
:--- | --- 
Tue Jan 24 10:14:30 EST 2023 | `created script for rsync of dicom archive data tranfer to discovery by year and month`
Mon Jan 23 15:53:55 EST 2023 | `reinstalled rsync on INBOX`
Mon Jan 23 15:26:56 EST 2023 | `Added bids user and updated ssh keys for login from discovery and reinstalled git in inbox`
Mon Jan 23 14:18:20 EST 2023 | `Emailed Kodi about setting up sys admin training meeting`
Mon Jan 23 13:44:47 EST 2023 | `Updated dblog and closed issue`
Mon Jan 23 13:42:09 EST 2023 | `Testing dblog`
Mon Jan 23 11:44:56 EST 2023 | `Finished meeting with Courtney where we revisited goals and set up reviewing progress on github`
Mon Jan 23 10:58:09 EST 2023 | `Added to dos to github`
Sun Jan 22 20:55:20 EST 2023 | `chmod-ed ownershi on inbox/PHILIPS and updated etc/group`
Sun Jan 22 20:47:27 EST 2023 | `fixed ssh keys on dbic-mrinbox and added zfs-inbox-backup to cron`
Sun Jan 22 20:34:02 EST 2023 | `Reinstated auto snapshots of DICOM and BIDS on INBOX`
Sun Jan 22 20:20:26 EST 2023 | `Fixed Jedcap Upload data script`
Sun Jan 22 19:04:12 EST 2023 | `New INBOX has 32.5T free space and is healthy`
Sun Jan 22 19:01:03 EST 2023 | `Adjusted mounts on rolando. Needed to reboot because of BIDS user using BIDS mount.`
Sun Jan 22 18:59:59 EST 2023 | `Adjusted exports on dbic-mrinbox to export new INBOX`
Sun Jan 22 18:40:28 EST 2023 | `Restarted DICOM server to send new data to expanded INBOX`
Sun Jan 22 18:34:08 EST 2023 | `Made snapshots of dbic-inbox BIDS and DICOM and sync with inbox`
Sun Jan 22 18:08:18 EST 2023 | `why oh why`
Sun Jan 22 18:07:59 EST 2023 | `why oh why`
Sun Jan 22 18:05:49 EST 2023 | THis should make message pretty
Sun Jan 22 18:04:40 EST 2023 | THis should make message pretty
Sun Jan 22 18:02:24 EST 2023 | THis should make message pretty
Sun Jan 22 18:01:19 EST 2023 | here is a new test again
Sun Jan 22 18:00:25 EST 2023 | here is a new test
